So before moving towards the browser class, firstly we have to recall what we have done here.
We have called this method image button and it's used for the image prints and the image part.
And here we have given our humans the image, original image and the double height and the fit.
Now what we have done here, we have created the image view and I have to use for painting images loaded
with this image.
But in class with the image class.
Sorry.
So here we have made that.
And now what we will do here allocates a new image view object.
We have given this image the original image and here we have sets the height and this the first property.
And afterwards we will do the value sets the value of the property preserve ratio with the roof width.
And now what we will do here, we set this style to the normal one which will see it as we have given
the background colour transparent and the padding to do two.
And when the user press the mouse key here, the colour will also be the transparent, but the padding
will be the change, it will be press.
So here I have done the action event listener and yes, all this thing, the value of the property on
mouse press, the style press which we have given here.
And when the mouse will be released here, the style normal, which will give the here and now we have
we have to do this thing create method mean in the Java, in the browser or Java class.
Here we will add the method also what do we will give the body to it?
And firstly, the single page is already done and we have made this thing and use the exception also
and catch that exception as well and construct a string representation of this you are in and this string
is created the external formatter of the stream protocol handler for this object.
And here what we will do
here I have done the structure.
So you are part also to the text field in then and updated the progress bar progress while the web page
is loading.
And here another thing which we have done is to render the user in tracks.
The link will change and update the text field with a new field which we will give or the user will
give you all of the kind of operation the current page has.
No, the value will be the empty string.
So here we have done all the things and now what we will do.
So firstly we have to go to the browser class and now here I have.
Made this matter.
And now what we will do.
This step starts losing policy.
This thing to specify how the tapping handles tap closing from an end user perspective.
So what we will do?
Firstly, we have to call the anchor pen.
So here we will write.
Anchor Sorry.
Anchor pain.
Anchor being root equal, new anchor being
this one and semicolon.
Now what we will do, we have to create a plus button.
Firstly, we will see how our application is.
Working first, so we will understand.
Firstly, we will see this and now we will run our project as Java application and select the mean part.
Okay, proceed.
Well, here you can see the reload, the forward and the backward in here.
So we need this thing.
So what we will do, we have to make the functionality functionality update as well.
We have created that button, but it's not functional.
So what we will do, we first anchor thing we have created, but we have to give it the action.
Also this button action.
It's nothing doing when I'm clicking it.
So what we will do, we will do the button and add button thing.
This one on Friday called the new button and gave it off.
So this plus value and afterwards we tried to add important thing and add button and give the certain
action we need to set on action and give its value with the event listener.
So we will write the event handler part and give the handling part.
So what we will write up start to get that which we need all the taps.
So thought add and we need a new tab.
Then we click that part or the user click that part.
So we'll write new tab on here what we will write.
This thing tabs are placed within tapping each tab present a single page.
So what we will do here?
We will write the new tab, comma, the new note we firstly do we need the comma and we will call our
class single page here.
And after that we'll call our matter get marks, which will give the vertical locks component here and
the semicolon and after tab start get selection.
We need that selection model and afterwards we'll write the select.
Things like the first or the last.
I think the last, the last.
What will right.
And now what we will do.
We have to set the top left, right, everything.
Firstly, when our browser and the open window will come, it has to be in the anchor pane always.
So we have to build the left or the right on another thing.
So what we will do, we will try the anchor being not set.
We need first the set top anchor.
It will set the top anchor of the child and contain an anchor pane.
If the anchor pane will maintain the child size and position so that its top is always offset by that
amount.
And of course.
Need.
Unmanaged children are ignored for the layout calculation.
So what we will do will drain the set top set of this one and we will give it parameter two tabs.
And here I will give the double value to 5.0.
And again I'll write the anchor pen and set left anchor and here I will write tabs and here we will
write the 5.0 the thing with the previous one and again I will call the anchor, been here and set the
right anchor here and write the tabs and I will give the value, same as previous.
It has to be the same with the previous one.
And again I will call the anchor pane here and set top left right and you need for the button add button.
So what we will do call the set top anchor again for particular we need the add button and what we will
do, the double value we will give is the 7.0 part.
Now we have to call this thing Anchor Bean.
And again, I will try to settle, right?
So the button will be in the right hand.
So I will write anchor because the reload, the back and the forehead are in the left part.
So here we will take the right anchor and right add button and give the double value.
Do not 10.0.
Afterwards we will go on the route and it's the border of a loop.
So set border.
And here we will write the new border.
And here the new border struck.
Okay.
So we are is this true part?
This one here, we will get the first value.
What?
The name argument.
Then the value top stroke and the paint stroke and the border stroke.
Strike the right style or the bottom style or the top style and then the lab style and everything which
we will give here.
So firstly, we will give the colour part colour.
We will set it to the white.
So here the right colour.
And another thing which you will need the border stroke strike so border stroke style and set it to
the non.
And another thing which we will need here is the corner radii or lower this one corner area and set
it to the empty this one.
And again I will call the border of it.
So I will write new border words.
This one, and I will give it to the zero.
No, we don't need anything else, so we will simply delete this.
I'm done with this part.
Now what we will do afterwards, we need the primary app.
So we create our primary key.
So here I write the primary tab.
The song equals the new app.
And you know what I will do?
I will write the new tab command.
New single page.
Which single page?
Class.
I need to single this one and don't get the box.
This one.
I'm done with this part.
And afterwards we write stamps and get stamps.
Only get that.
The observer list.
The observer list one.
So here what we need and then the primary term.
Of course, it will give it the argument with that.
And afterwards we need to get children here and not at all types.
I need all here what I will do.
Taps, comma, ad it will work or not.
We will see afterwards.
And then I will go with the border ban.
So here are border ban.
I have created an object of border ban and will right.
Simply call the new.
Marta.
Ben This one gives our human value to argument with the root part.
Semi-colon And afterward we will create a new object of scene.
One scene in the new scene on here.
What we will do, we will meet.
This is the scene class.
It's the container for all contained in a scene graph.
The background of the scene is filled as specified by the field property.
So here what we will do will simply give the argument of the border pen.
This one closed that part and we will do the scene, not get.
We need the get stylesheet method.
It gives an observable list of screen URLs linking to the stylesheet to use with the scenes contained.
And here I will write add here we need to get class this one object.
It happens the specified element to the end of the list.
So it's not optional operation, but we have to go.
So here's what we will do.
We rewrite the cat resource and now what we need here.
Firstly, we need this.
I think this one.
Yeah.
This is style.
See this dark part?
This one.
So we have to link here.
So what we will do, we will write backslash.
The style ceases here and it will externally link to it.
So we will write the external form and it simply appends the specified element to the end of the list
and external with that.
And afterwards we have to call the primary stage here the spot and not set.
See now what we are doing.
Firstly here this the primary stage for this application under which the application scene, this one
scene can be set.
So applications may create other pages or I mean the stages if needed, but they will not be the primary
stages.
So here we will give its argument to the scene.
It's already and what we will do again, we will call the primary stage dot and we will set title and
what we will write.
We have to go over title.
So I will write our browser name sample sorry, the symbol browser.
Right, the simple browser here.
And it's done.
It's done.
And now we have all the primary stage.
Not sure this will call our last thing and it will show the output of our window.
So here I have created all the things which we need.
Now we have to run our project and we will see if it shows any error.
But I don't see any error right now.
So we will see if it shows any external error or something.
So simply we.
I can do that on.
Simply done with the run as part and go with the job application and do it with the mean and.
Okay.
Okay, proceed.
Also previous one on.
This one is the last.
So here we have got our output.
It is the simple browser we have created.
Here we have seen this back button, the forward button and the reload button.
It's our URL text field which we have created, and this one is the add button created which creates
a new tab.
So when we click this, we get the new tab already written.
We have already done this thing.
And what we will do, you will see the action.
Even also here when I am going to that button, it's normally pressed.
When I press this you will see the padding.
Everything is changing and the transparent color is also changing.
So here I'm pressing this button.
Here you will see and the reload function is well working.
So when I search something this thing you will see this loads reload.
When I go back it simply goes back and then I will click forward.
It simply goes forward where I have been.
So back, forward, reload.
Everything is working and this is how our sample browser is created and that's doing.
This is our.